README.md, before:

# HelloWorld PHP Extension

A simple PHP extension that demonstrates basic and advanced "Hello World" functionality.

## Features

- Basic `helloworld()` function
- Advanced `helloworld_advanced()` function with configurable greeting

## Run

1. Compile the extension:

    ```
    // make clean
    // phpize --clean
    phpize
    ./configure --enable-helloworld --enable-helloworld-advanced
    make
    ```

2. Run

    ```
    % php -d extension=./modules/helloworld.so -i | grep hello

    helloworld
    helloworld support => enabled
    helloworld.greeting => Hello World! => Hello World!

    % php -d extension=./modules/helloworld.so php/helloworld.php
    Hello World!
    Hello World!
   ```

## Usage

### Basic Function

```php
<?php
helloworld();
// Output: Hello World!
```

### Advanced Function

```php
<?php
helloworld_advanced();
// Output: [Configurable greeting from php.ini]
?>
```

To configure the greeting, add the following to your php.ini:

```
helloworld.greeting = "Your custom greeting!"
```

Commit message:

Update README.md with more detailed installation guide
This commit primarily updates the README.md file to provide a more detailed installation guide for users. It removes unnecessary command lines, restructures the sections for better comprehension, and adds information regarding continuous integration and IDE usage. This update aims to create a smoother onboarding experience for developers.

README.md, after:

# A PECL project skeleton

## HelloWorld PHP Extension

A simple PHP extension that demonstrates basic "Hello World" functionality.

## Features

- Basic `helloworld()` function
- Advanced `helloworld_advanced()` function with configurable greeting

## Run

1. Compile the extension:

    ```
    phpize
    ./configure
    make
    ```

2. Run

    ```
    % php -d extension=./modules/helloworld.so -i | grep hello

    helloworld
    helloworld support => enabled

    % php -d extension=./modules/helloworld.so smoke.php
    Hello World!
   ```

### Basic Function

```php
<?php
helloworld();
// Output: Hello World!
```

## Getting started with development

### Source build

First try to clone this repository and see if you can build.

```
phpize
. /configure
make.
```

This will create `modules/helloworld.so`. Now let's give it a try!

```
php -d extension=./modules/helloworld.so smoke.php
```

### Continuous Integration

This project contains a GitHub action workflow file.
Make sure the project is built successfully by ushing it; CI also installs Valgrind and checks for memory leaks.

### IDE

This repository contains CmakeLists.txt, which Clion needs to understand the source code.
Development using an IDE is efficient and allows for debugging, including a backtrace.

Refer to [Developing a PHP extension in CLion](https://dev.to/jasny/developing-a-php-extension-in-clion-3oo1) for more information.
